listening to what he has to say who are
deceived of the peace and those who are
deceived of the US role as a mediator to
achieve peace in the Middle East you
need to
reconsider all of this and Ramadan must
be a holy month to support the Gins to
support the resistance the resistance is
still the option of the Palestinian
people and of the nation finally I ask
Allah Almighty to help this Union and to
help this conference and to unify the
imams of our nation to achieve the
reconnaissance of our nation our nation
must be together working together as
they are asked by Allah Almighty a big
salute to the great people of Gaza and
may Allah Almighty reward